Internet on the Wii U menu select system
settings then internet connect to the
internet and your Wii U will search for
networks select your network enter the
security key if necessary and your Wii U
will check the connection once connected
you'll be asked to check for system
updates
system update you can update the system
now or press cancel while connected to
the internet to download the update in
the background from experience the
update can take up to over an hour to
download while using over 600 megabytes
of Internet usage if you decide to press
cancel and put the update in the
background a notification will come up
to tell you of the system updates the
festival download updating will take
approximately over 10 minutes if you are
not using a Wi-Fi network in the
internet settings you can select
connection types for other methods of
connecting to the internet you can also
check your current internet connections
here you can change settings delete
settings or perform a connection test in
Internet settings you can also find
recommended connection type where will
lead you through a setup process
Internet
during initial setup when you reach
internet settings select your network
enter the security key if necessary and
your Wii U will check the connection
once connected you'll be asked to check
for system updates system update you can
update the system now or press cancel or
connected to the Internet to download
the update in the background
from experience the update can take up
to over an hour to download while using
over 600 megabytes of Internet usage if
you decide to press cancel and put the
update in the background a notification
will come up to tell you of the system
updates successful download updating
will take approximately over 10 minutes
the console will restart and you'll be
creating a user
enjoy your Wii U console feel free to
ask about anything specific rate comment
and subscribe and thanks for watching